README.md, before:

# dag-anki-cards
This repository contains Anki cards in markdown format. The cards are organized in decks, one deck for each `.md` file. Each deck contains cards for a specific topic.

All cards are in English, except where otherwise specified.

Spread markdown, not word documents or pdfs. :heart:

## Disclaimer
All cards are derivative works of:
- my notes
- papers
- websites
- public documents (e.g. Google Docs, pdf...) 

The cards are provided as-is, without any warranty. Me and the original authors of the documents are not responsible for any damage caused by the cards or any improper use of the cards. We are not liable in case you fail to learn anything because you relied on these cards, or in case of misinterpretation of the cards, or in case of any other problem. **Use at your own risk**.
The cards are obviously not guaranteed to be correct, complete, up-to-date or fit for any purpose. 
Think of them as a starting point for your studies, not as a replacement.

Do not use these cards if you don't agree with the above.

## Content
- `Biometrics.md`: cards about biometric systems (e.g. fingerprint, iris, face recognition)
  - They are in Italian
  - Topics not covered
    - Ear recognition
    - Keystroke recognition
- `Distributed Systems.md`: cards about distributed systems (e.g. paxos, consensus, fault tolerance...)
  - Topics not covered
    - Algorand: ♋
    - GDPR Seminar
    - BGP Seminar
    - some particular long or complicated exercises (never seen at the exam, but only on exercises pdf. See the pdf sent by Tommaso if you want the solutions or check GitHub "SapienzaStudents" repo)

- `Blockchain.md`: cards about blockchain (e.g. bitcoin, ethereum, smart contracts...)
  - Topics not covered
    - Algorand: Feel free to add it yourself.
    - Rug Pull - Defi and Dex: they're already covered by distributed systems cards
    - IPFS: that seminar was about IPFS cryptography, that is veery very long and complex. But in short IPFS is explained.

Feel free to add the cards you need or modify the existing ones on the markdown file.

## How to use (for Anki users)
1. Download the [Anki desktop app](https://apps.ankiweb.net/).
2. Clone this repository.
3. Import the `.apkg` files in the `decks` folder in Anki.
4. Done! You should now have all the cards in your Anki decks.

NOTE: for now, apkg files are not updated automatically. See last commit date. If you want to update them, you have to do it manually (see below).

## How to use (for Obsidian and Anki users)
1. Download the [Anki desktop app](https://apps.ankiweb.net/).
2. Download the [AnkiConnect](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/2055492159) plugin.
3. Clone this repository.
4. Download [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) and open the Obsidian vault in this repository.
5. Download the [Obsidian_to_Anki](https://github.com/Pseudonium/Obsidian_to_Anki/) plugin and the follow the instructions.
6. Create decks in Anki for each of the `.md` files in this repository. Each deck should have the same name as the `.md` file (TBH, see each markdown file for the name of the deck).
7. Import the `.apkg` files in the `decks` folder in Anki.
8. Click on the button in the left sidebar with the "Anki" icon to sync Obisidian to Anki and wait.
9. Done! You should now have all the cards in your Anki decks.

## How to contribute
1. Fork this repository.
2. Edit or add cards in the `.md` files.
3. Create a pull request.
4. Done! I'll review your changes and merge them if they're good.

Do not remove the `<!-- -->` lines. They're used by the Obsidian_to_Anki plugin to generate the `.apkg` files. Removing them will result in the cards not being updated.

Also, if using Markdown, remember to import the `.apkg` files in Anki to update the decks, otherwise you'll have to do it manually (since in md files the comments are present, so the extension thinks the cards are already in the deck).

If you need it, use this regex to remove them: `<!--[\s\S]*?-->` and after you're done, undo the changes to the `.md` files so you won't lose tyour progress on Anki.

## Why
I use [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) to take notes. Obsidian is a markdown editor that allows you to create links between notes. It also has a wonderful plugin called [Obsidian_to_Anki] that allows you to export markdown notes to Anki cards. I use Anki to memorize things.

Markdown is a wonderful format for taking notes, but it's not very good for memorizing things. Anki is a wonderful tool for memorizing things, but it's not very good for taking notes. This repository is an attempt to combine the two.

## Credits
- The awesome people who wrote the original documents from which I took the cards. Thank you! :heart:
- My personal notes
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) and [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/) for being awesome
- [Pseudonium](https://github.com/Pseudonium) for the Obsidian_to_Anki plugin

Commit message:

feat: big data in readme

README.md, after:

# dag-anki-cards
This repository contains Anki cards in markdown format. The cards are organized in decks, one deck for each `.md` file. Each deck contains cards for a specific topic.

All cards are in English, except where otherwise specified.

Spread markdown, not word documents or pdfs. :heart:

## Disclaimer
All cards are derivative works of:
- my notes
- papers
- websites
- public documents (e.g. Google Docs, pdf...) 

The cards are provided as-is, without any warranty. Me and the original authors of the documents are not responsible for any damage caused by the cards or any improper use of the cards. We are not liable in case you fail to learn anything because you relied on these cards, or in case of misinterpretation of the cards, or in case of any other problem. **Use at your own risk**.
The cards are obviously not guaranteed to be correct, complete, up-to-date or fit for any purpose. 
Think of them as a starting point for your studies, not as a replacement.

Do not use these cards if you don't agree with the above.

## Content
- `Biometrics.md`: cards about biometric systems (e.g. fingerprint, iris, face recognition)
  - They are in Italian
  - Topics not covered (give a look by yourself)
    - Keystroke recognition
    - Gait recognition

- `Distributed Systems.md`: cards about distributed systems (e.g. paxos, consensus, fault tolerance...)
  - Topics not covered
    - Algorand: ♋
    - GDPR Seminar
    - BGP Seminar
    - some particular long or complicated exercises (never seen at the exam, but only on exercises pdf. See the pdf sent by Tommaso if you want the solutions or check GitHub "SapienzaStudents" repo)

- `Blockchain.md`: cards about blockchain (e.g. bitcoin, ethereum, smart contracts...)
  - Topics not covered
    - Algorand: Feel free to add it yourself.
    - Rug Pull - Defi and Dex: they're already covered by distributed systems cards
    - IPFS: that seminar was about IPFS cryptography, that is veery very long and complex. But in short IPFS is explained.

- `Big Data Computing.md`: cards about big data computing (e.g. hadoop, mapreduce, spark...)
  - Topics not covered: Hadoop and Spark syntax, algorithms too in-depth

Feel free to add the cards you need or modify the existing ones on the markdown file.

## How to use (for Anki users)
1. Download the [Anki desktop app](https://apps.ankiweb.net/).
2. Clone this repository.
3. Import the `.apkg` files in the `decks` folder in Anki.
4. Done! You should now have all the cards in your Anki decks.

NOTE: for now, apkg files are not updated automatically. See last commit date. If you want to update them, you have to do it manually (see below).

## How to use (for Obsidian and Anki users)
1. Download the [Anki desktop app](https://apps.ankiweb.net/).
2. Download the [AnkiConnect](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/2055492159) plugin.
3. Clone this repository.
4. Download [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) and open the Obsidian vault in this repository.
5. Download the [Obsidian_to_Anki](https://github.com/Pseudonium/Obsidian_to_Anki/) plugin and the follow the instructions.
6. Create decks in Anki for each of the `.md` files in this repository. Each deck should have the same name as the `.md` file (TBH, see each markdown file for the name of the deck).
7. Import the `.apkg` files in the `decks` folder in Anki.
8. Click on the button in the left sidebar with the "Anki" icon to sync Obisidian to Anki and wait.
9. Done! You should now have all the cards in your Anki decks.

## How to contribute
1. Fork this repository.
2. Edit or add cards in the `.md` files.
3. Create a pull request.
4. Done! I'll review your changes and merge them if they're good.

Do not remove the `<!-- -->` lines. They're used by the Obsidian_to_Anki plugin to generate the `.apkg` files. Removing them will result in the cards not being updated.

Also, if using Markdown, remember to import the `.apkg` files in Anki to update the decks, otherwise you'll have to do it manually (since in md files the comments are present, so the extension thinks the cards are already in the deck).

If you need it, use this regex to remove them: `<!--[\s\S]*?-->` and after you're done, undo the changes to the `.md` files so you won't lose tyour progress on Anki.

## Why
I use [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) to take notes. Obsidian is a markdown editor that allows you to create links between notes. It also has a wonderful plugin called [Obsidian_to_Anki] that allows you to export markdown notes to Anki cards. I use Anki to memorize things.

Markdown is a wonderful format for taking notes, but it's not very good for memorizing things. Anki is a wonderful tool for memorizing things, but it's not very good for taking notes. This repository is an attempt to combine the two.

## Credits
- The awesome people who wrote the original documents from which I took the cards. Thank you! :heart:
- My personal notes
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) and [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/) for being awesome
- [Pseudonium](https://github.com/Pseudonium) for the Obsidian_to_Anki plugin
